Add Coherence state store component docs - v1.16 (#4702)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-state-stores/setup-coherence.md

| nearCacheMemory    |    N     | If non-zero a near cache is used and the maximum size of the near cache is this value in bytes. Defaults to 0                               | `"4096"`                                      |

### About Using Near Cache TTL

The Coherence state store allows you to specify a near cache to cache frequently accessed data when using the DAPR client.
When you access data using `Get(ctx context.Context, req *GetRequest)`, returned entries are stored in the near cache and 
subsequent data access for keys in the near cache is almost instant, where without a near cache each `Get()` operation results in a network call.

When using the near cache option, Coherence automatically adds a MapListener to the internal cache which listens on all cache events and updates or invalidates entries in the near cache that have been changed or removed on the server.

To manage the amount of memory used by the near cache, the following options are supported when creating one:

> - nearCacheTTL – objects expired after time in near cache, e.g. 5 minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- nearCacheTTL – objects expired after time in near cache, for example 5 minutes
```
